[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello, TReb.
>> Yes.
Good evening, Reuben.
>> Good to speak to you again.
>> Yes, it is very exciting to
speak to you and be with you
again.
>> I've been looking forward
to having this conversation,
this kind of one-on-one
conversation,
for not only myself but
for our audience today,
which is my show--
"Interview with ED:
Extra Dimensionals."
and I consider
you a fine example
of this extra-dimensional
energy we have with us.
>> Yes.
And I find you to be
a very great example
of an extradimensional as well.
>> Oh, ha, ha, excellent.
So with-- in your
terms, would you
consider all of humans
extradimensional?
>> Yes.
In the perceptions
of extradimensional,
it is meaning if we
concern ourselves
with trying to
find the word, what
we find the "extra"
meaning "more than."
And you are more than
the dimensional beings
that you are.
But you are also more
than the entities
that we are able to perceive
from another density
or dimension as well.
>> I see.
So from your perspective, we
are kind of like you are for us.
>> Yes, very much so.
>> Awesome.
Speaking of yourselves
and where you come from
or what kind of beings you
are, many of the audience
are familiar with you.
But there still
will be newcomers.
So could you explain a little
bit about yourself and where
you come from, your planet,
and just a little history
for our audience
to get to know you?
>> Yes.
First of all, we wish
to express to you
that if you are looking at
who we are or what we are,
it is most easily expressed as
the human collective perceiving
and labeling the
specific concept
of a reptilian hybrid human.
And in this concept, it means
that a version of humans long
ago took their own DNA and
manipulated the DNA of a second
density being-- what an animal--
with an entity that as much
as your reptilians on Earth,
your reptilian animals.
And in that concept, they
created our own race.
If you are looking at the
concept of what my name is,
TReb is something that I am
often referred to and more
so directly now than previously.
But before when entering the
Earth collective consciousness,
I shared a name that
represented my energy.
In the environment that we
have, there is no words.
There is only telepathy.
So giving a name to
humans was something
that we thought
was very important.
So in the name that we
have given humanity,
it is TReb and Bor
and yit and NE.
And if you put it together--
TReb Bor yit-Ne-- this is a
representation of the energy.
This gives you a great
detail of where I am from.
The first part of the name--
TReb-- this part is my
own energy, my own family,
my own family lineage and DNA.
And when you are looking
at the concept of Bor,
this represents a quadrant
within the planet,
if you divide a planet
into four parts, which
represents the certain
portion of the planet
and where I reside.
Then you look at the yit.
And this represents
the entire planet,
which is the third planet
outward from our star.
And then you use
the word NE, which
is the star in which we reside.
And if you are looking
from Earth up into the sky,
you see a star that
is known as Capella.
And this star is
not just one star.
It is actually four stars.
And in the four stars,
there are two stars
that are much as your star,
very whitish-yellow in color,
very large in nature
but much larger
than your planet's stars.
And the other two are very
small and dim red stars.
I reside within the largest
of the two red stars
on the third planet outward.
And what is even more
extension upon the name
that we have given, it also
represents a great connection
to the host.
If you look at the
word TReb Bor yit-NE,
if you look at it in
a different fashion,
you will notice that the host
name is very well connected
with mine within that meaning.
So these two energies
are ones that
are very representational of
who I am, where I am from,
and how I exist.
With nothing more to
add besides the fact
that if look in your dimension
upon my own star and planet,
there is no inhabited life.
But that is because
we are existing
on a higher density known
to you as the fifth density.
>> So if we were to look in
our Capella star system--
let's say we had a
super powerful telescope
like the Kepler or the Hubble--
would we be able to
see the stars, the four
stars you speak of?
>> Yes.
It is already understood by some
scientists within your planet,
although it is not always
widely agreed upon.
But yes, there is
the understanding
of us being a
quadra-star system.
>> And even the smaller red--
you said a red dwarf stars?
>> Yes.
We believe natural
scientists know of this,
but we cannot be sure.
In the host understanding,
there is some understanding
of this within your own
planet, although it is not
completely agreed upon.
>> I see.
And would we even be able to
identify with our telescopes
the planet--
your planet?
>> Within the red stars,
you would not be able to.
If you look into
the larger stars,
there could be, if your
technology was better.
But in your density that
you are experiencing now--
third density--
much of the planets that are
within a four-star system
are not at all seedable for life
or suitable for incarnations,
although two specific do
carry what you perceive
as second density beings.
>> Good.
This gets me on
something I was going
to think about asking later.
But since we're
already on this topic,
we talked about densities.
And yesterday Aridif gave us a
great explanation of densities
as well as Rob as well.
So hopefully, our
audience by now
knows what the density
classifications and definitions
are.
So just to kind of
clarify the concept,
because right now Earth is
in a third-fourth density
classification, we are only
able to perceive things--
the majority, I guess,
of the human race
would only be able
to perceive things
on a third-fourth
fourth density scale?
Is that-- is that
correct in saying this?
>> Yes.
This is what we have labeled
the third-to-fourth density
exchange.
Even though we perceive you
as fourth density beings,
it is the perception
within yourselves selves
that can be adjusted
to see yourself
as more than third density.
>> And would it be safe to say
that some humans can actually
perceive fifth density, sixth,
and even up to seventh density
in humanity?
Are there these
select individuals
who might be able to do this?
>> Yes.
In fact, it is more
than just a select few.
Each and every one
of you are peering
into the higher fourth
densities and even the fifth
when you are sleeping.
>> I see.
So once we-- so right
now because we are
at third-fourth--
or fourth still believing
we're in the third--
and we use our technology to
perceive out into the galaxy
and we see these planets that
appear to be inhabitable,
that's only because the density
that we're seeing at is that.
Is that the case?
>> Yes.
This is the case for some
planetary consciousnesses.
But that is more dependent
on the planetary collective
agreement on how
to produce itself
or how to project
itself in each density.
>> Would densities also be--
would it be safe to
say that in evolution--
for example, humanity
is evolving from this
third-to-fourth density and
then going eventually into fifth
and sixth density-- we hope--
that it's in a
linear timeline sense
in the future, in our future,
from the human perspective?
So if we were to go to the fifth
density consciousness would
we actually see ourselves--
let's say on Earth-- would
we see ourselves in a higher
versions of ourselves?
>> Yes.
There are ways to do this.
But when you transcend into that
fifth density consciousness,
the only way that you will be
able to see yourself in that
is to look within the mirror.
As you are joining the
fifth density consciousness,
you would be within
your own body.
And this is what gives
humanity a very unique essence
within the galaxy
that you are one
of a small amount or a
small percentage of groups
that actually have
multidimensional DNA
throughout all densities.
So as you peer into
the fifth density,
you are just shifting in your
fifth density physical body
to perceive.
And that is much different than
another entity who might not
have multidimensional DNA, who
would look it into a higher
density through meditation
or manifestations
of astral projections.
And these entities would be
able to look as a third party
or an external variety.
>> So the saying that all lies
within really holds truth with
the human DNA, human
collective consciousness?
>> Yes, very much so.
>> So all the answers to
all the different densities,
to everything, all we have
to do is go within ourselves,
where maybe other races really
do have to look externally?
>> Yes, and it is not this
much as they have to look
externally, as they still
have their ability to connect
to higher consciousness
or higher portions
of consciousness.
But it is a mechanism
that many races
use for their own
style of manifesting
a certain variety of expansion
or growth spiritually,
mentally, and
physically as well.
>> Interesting.
Fascinating.
So in humans today, this
is kind of a common theme
that I keep getting
from my interviews
with all these different
extra-dimensional beings
and collectives,
that humanity is
going through this ascension,
this shift into consciousness.
Would you say this is from third
density into fourth or actually
into the fifth
density consciousness?
I hear the term "fifth
dimension" a lot thrown around.
Can you give us your
perspective on this?
>> Yes, it is third
density to fourth density,
but it also is fourth
dimensional to fifth
dimensional.
You are gaining two
thresholds at once.
And in fact, the way
that we divide density
is the way that we incorporate
conscious integration,
but also the concept of
looking at the evolution
of a certain energy,
aspect of creation.
What we are doing is
placing the threshold
from third to fourth
density in the fact
that you are changing
fourth to fifth dimensional.
And that together
is very important.
>> Yes.
OK.
So you would agree with the
others in this ascension
process?
Humanity is going through this?
>> Yes, very much so.
>> How far along are we?
Are we in the middle?
Or does it happen overnight?
Is it a process?
I'm assuming it's a process.
It seems to be.
But could you define
this a little bit for us?
>> Yes.
When you are looking at
third to fourth density,
this is why we label third
to fourth density exchange.
Because the level that you
are, it is literally just
in the beginning.
You are just crossing
that threshold
and trying to fully integrate.
If you are looking at yourself
in a non-physical standard,
your essence of your
soul and the portions
of fractal consciousness that
are within you, what you will
see that is very
interesting is the fact
that you are already
physically in fourth density.
So in that aspect, overnight,
you are a fourth density being.
But the experience and
the drag of the exchange
or the energetic change is
very slow within your own race,
or very gradual, let us
use, instead of slow.
And the gradualness comes from
the conditioning of mankind,
but also personal beliefs that
each and every one of you hold.
When you look upon this, it
is a very personal journey.
We are not saying
that all of mankind
will do one thing or the other.
But what we will say is that
each and every one of you
have your individual
opportunity to pass
the threshold of third
to fourth exchange
and enter into a full,
daily fourth-density self.
And there are some entities upon
the planet that already are.
>> So if there's some
that already are,
is there much time for
us to go through this?
I guess time is relative to
each and every individual.
But just in, is there a general
kind of collective timeline
that you might be
able to share with us?
>> Yes.
When you look at
the physics portions
of how the energy
works and how it
exchanges with
human consciousness,
there is a certain time.
If you look, it is a
18-year full cycle,
nine years before the 2012 area,
but also nine years afterwards.
The precipice is in the 2012.
So nine years before, you are
going to the top of the energy.
And then now, you
are going back down.
This does not mean that the
full portion of evolution
must be done within
this 18-year period.
But what it does mean is
that that energy itself
is prime for doing so.
>> I see.
>> Let us express also that when
you are looking at the concept
of evolution and how
long it will take,
there is no true
timeline for this.
As even before the
nine years, you
were evolving and expanding.
And after the nine years
you will continue to do.
So it could take certain
individuals even 1,000 years
to finish the third or
fourth density exchange
and fully be into
the fourth density.
But for the
collective, we perceive
that it will be much sooner.
>> Many times this term
"harmonic convergence"
has been thrown around.
And the date or the year
that's given is 1987.
Does this harmonic
convergence have any--
and this date have anything to
do with this ascension process?
>> Yes.
Let us explain.
This portion can
be very technical.
But we will give you the
simplest version that we can.
>> OK.
>> The way that the essential
energy works through
co-creation is that the center
of the physical galaxy puts out
energy and projects it into
the entirety of the galaxy.
And as it is doing this,
there is a certain pattern
that is made.
But more importantly than
the pattern that is made,
there is an energetic energy
that flows through it.
It is flying through
areas very quickly.
And what the harmonic
convergence was
was something akin to
air pressure changes when
you are flying.
It felt the energy coming.
It was a cold front
or a warm front
before the energetic
exchange that came in.
>> Interesting.
>> And the harmonic
convergence was you feeling
the repercussions of the
cold front or warm front,
as we would prefer, moving in.
>> Ah, I see.
So before this start
of this main cycle,
that if you said nine
years, I guess that's 2003?
>> Yes.
>> So the harmonic convergence
was us feeling that this 2003
big download of
energy is coming?
>> Yes.
And to put it
another way, that is
the buffer area before the
point of energy in its arrival.
>> Fascinating.
>> I'm going to change the
subject a little bit and kind
of go into more about yourself.
A lot of us like to
know more about you.
>> Yes.
>> And your race.
And I'm interested.
Rob told us a lot about
his connecting with you
and how that all came about.
I'd like to know from your
perspective, the opposite,
how did you go about
connecting with Rob?
>> Yes, first of all, we
must address the difference
in the energy of
the host and myself.
And when you are
looking at this,
you see two entities
that share an oversoul.
And we believe that you
have an understanding
or a foreshadowing of
what oversouls mean.
>> I do, but maybe our
audience does not fully--
there may be some
in the audience that
fully do not understand this.
So could you please
define the oversoul idea?
>> Yes.
What an oversoul
is one energy that
is fairly large non-physically.
And it incorporates
many smaller energies.
And the mindset of an oversoul
is to feel experiences,
to have energetic understandings
of a certain reality it wishes
to create.
So one oversoul gathers
with many other oversouls
to agree upon a concept of
creating a planet, of creating
an entire situation.
And the certain ideals that
are within the galactic
consciousness that it wishes to
express in the physical reality
are then manifested physically.
And then your Earth
becomes created.
And as it creates
each oversoul, it
takes small portions or what we
would call fractals of energy
from itself.
And what it does is
it puts an intent that
is so large to
experience something
physical that it is
able to molecularly form
into a physical thing.
So first, an oversoul will
create physical things
as rocks, what you would know
to be first density beings.
Then it will create
certain bacteria and then
animals and then human beings.
And what the oversoul
is is a combination
of all of the smaller parts
that are added together
for the entirety
of the experience.
Now, we do not wish
to get to off topic,
but we do wish to
express that when
you see the evolution
of the planet
in your scientific needs, this
is a very appropriate and very
correct in our perception.
But it was not
physical things that
decided to evolve through
chemical reactions,
although it was physically.
The undertone of that
is a manifestation
of the desire for
new experiences.
So if you think of the
oversoul, remind yourself
that it requires experiences.
Now, back into the conversation
of my own connection
with the host.
What we would say
is that both of us
are different pieces
of the oversoul.
We share the same oversoul
and are energetically linked.
And in my own mission to
connect to humans, my desire,
my passion to
connect to humanity,
there were several
different entities
on your planet,
several consciousnesses
that I felt a resonance
with that were vibrationally
matching my own understanding
and connectability.
And in those several
entities, all of their desires
were to connect
outside of themselves
and their own perception
outside of themselves.
So in that perception,
there were excitements
in my own resonance
level as well as
gauging the excitement of
the prospects of entities
to connect with.
The host was one who was
very passionate and very
desiring to connect.
My desire and his desire
are what connected us.
>> Have you been able to
connect with some of these other
energies on the planet
that you said are similar?
>> Yes.
I have been able to connect
to a great vast amount
of human consciousnesses since
connecting with the host.
>> I see.
So the host Rob was
sort of this catalyst
to open up a door full
of connective doorways
for your energy to
connect with others?
>> Yes.
In people, in humans
that are listening
to the channeled material
that we are sharing
who listen to either the
host or myself or even
Aridif sharing,
what they are doing
is placing a vibration of desire
to connect to me more directly,
a desire to connect to
my own energy and heart.
And in doing this, it
calls out our own energy,
just as if you are
calling a phone
and saying I wish for TReb
to pick up the other line.
That brings my energy into
co-create with many humans.
So I have connected to humans
through conscious connections.
I have connected to humans
through sleep state.
And I have connected
to them energetically.
>> Now that you're sort of out
there in this consciousness
of the humans, is it taxing?
Is it hard to connect
with so many people?
Do you become tiring eventually?
>> Yes.
No, this is not
taxing whatsoever.
>> OK.
>> It is a fairly common
question if I become too busy,
if I will stop connecting.
But in my intent to
connect to humanity,
I have several points of focus
within my own consciousness.
And those portions of
focus are able to connect
to different points
at many times.
If you are thinking of the
concept of the greatest
multitasker that you are
aware of within this planetary
consciousness, take this and
perhaps times it by 100,000.
And this is my own capability.
When I am connecting
to humans, I
am using a small portion
of consciousness,
even when I am
connecting to the host
through this verbal mechanism
that you call channeling.
I am using a very
small percentage,
but there is even
less percentages
used when I am connecting to
entities both in the dream
state or through mind telepathy
or even through circumstances
that are seeming to be
synchronistic and energetic
in nature.
So as you are perceiving
all of those things,
that is how I connect to humans.
But in the concept of
connecting to the host,
there is a percentage
where I am connecting
to him more directly.
And that is when
he is in the state
that you perceive as channelled.
Then I am connecting to him with
much more of my energy in more
of a physical sense.
>> Multitasking, I guess, two
questions about multitasking.
In the human perspective
of multitasking,
we're told on our news
channels and our doctors
say that we're very
inefficient when we multitask.
And a lot of us drink a
lot of coffee and caffeine
in order to do such things.
In your perception, does it
take away from anything else
that you're doing?
>> Yes, the
question, in general,
is one that is very difficult
for many entities who do not do
the same that I do to perhaps
comprehend the physical nature
of multitasking.
For humans it's much different
than the energetic multitasking
that we do.
In our own perception
physically,
we are able to focus our
energy on one part at one time.
Perhaps doing many
things at once, but not
in the essence
that the energy is.
The level of consciousness and
the amount of consciousness
that is available to
us is highly extensive.
When you are thinking of
many concepts, for instance,
watching a sport, you
are watching the clock.
You are watching
the fan's reactions.
You are watching the team's
offense and the team's defense
and how the players are
working, the coach's
communication, each one of
their individual connections,
and how the plays are unfolding.
So in that essence, you
are able to focus on
much more than you realize.
The brain organ is one that
helps you fill in the holes
that consciousness
is not necessarily
needing to connect
to in those essence
as it is more of an intuitive
understanding or just
an integration.
But in the multitasking
concepts, it is not harmful.
And humans are going
to develop much
more of this with their energy.
In the way that you
would experience
the multitasking of
thought and concentration
on the football games or
whatever sports you desire,
the same concept goes with us,
but just to a different degree.
>> I see.
So that makes it
easier to classify.
It's more of a mental
multitasking than a physical.
Where human beings like
to physically multitask
and eventually, you
know, we fumble the ball
so to say, in sports terms.
>> In that essence, it is
not necessarily a mental one,
either.
There is no thought process
that must go into it.
It is more of an
energetic absorption.
>> I see.
>> Let us use a small example.
Let us say that I am speaking
to five entities at once.
>> Yes.
>> I do not need to run each
of the five conversations from
my own mental point of view
or my own day to day mind.
What happens is those
portions of consciousness
are an extension of my
excitement to connect to them,
of my own desire to communicate.
And because they are so in touch
with myself and so in touch
with my energy, they know
how to communicate directly
on their own.
So there's no focus
that must be put on it.
It is only dependent
on the amount of energy
that I give out to
each interaction.
>> Understood.
So can I use this analogy?
it's not happening
right now on the planet.
I don't think it is.
But, for example, we have
a movie star, Tom Cruise.
He makes many movies and
many people fall in love
with his movies and people feel
this connection to the actor
Tom Cruise through
these video outlets.
Let's say you were Tom
Cruise or Tom Cruise
is a fifth dimensional being.
Would he be able to feel every
time someone watched a movie
and made that connection
and felt his energy?
Would he be able to feel that
as a fifth dimensional being?
>> Yes, to an extent, there
would be that understanding.
But it is greatly dependent
upon the certain entity
and their own desires
of what to experience.
If they did not care
about who was watching
or who was connecting
or who was emotionally,
then the sensations would
be much duller, such
as a quick passing
sound in your ear.
But in the concept of
focusing on the intent
to love and to connect
with those, then
it could be very intimate in
the way that they experience it.
>> Wow.
And I guess, in your case,
because you have an interest
to connect with humanity, then
it is a more intense feeling,
a more intense experience.
>> Yes, this is very true.
>> Excellent, wow.
>> OK, well, that put
things in perspective.
Thank you very much.
>> Yes, you are very
welcome very much.
>> I wanted to ask about the
language and English language
and other entities
in their language,
when connecting to Rob, did
you get an instant download
of the English language?
Or did you have to learn?
Or how does the language
exchange translation?
I speak fluent Japanese.
And it took me a while.
And, you know, I couldn't
learn it overnight.
I had to go study it.
So how does that work?
>> Yes.
It is not truly a learning nor
is it an energetic download.
What happens is my
own consciousness
is integrated and ties into
the host consciousness.
So as you see both of us
as separate beings, what
happens during the
state of channeling
is that both of our
consciousnesses meld.
And in that
consciousness, we are
working from the crown
chakra of the host
into the throat
chakra of the host.
And in that throat chakra,
all of the communication
capabilities that he has
are readily available.
So in that way, as we are co
creating, both energies as one,
and we move into
the throat chakra,
there is no connection to the
brain or access to the mind
that we require nor the
language skills, but only
the energy of communication
that is resonant to the host.
>> So it's more of a direct, I
guess, translation, in a sense,
but more of an energy
translation than an actual
physical word translation?
>> Yes.
And in that way, when
energy is off with the host
or when the energy is
off with a person who
is questioning or
giving ideas, then
the communication
weakens as well.
This is where you
will often hear
entities who channel searching
for words or expressions.
But there can come
communication difficulties
when something is untranslatable
either to your experience
or to your knowledge.
Let us use for instance a
certain degree of technology
that we use.
There is one certain
part of the technology
that we use that integrates
certain crystalline substances
into the environment that
we are around which gives us
the ability to see perhaps
more of a hologram-style
of something that is not
there in the physical nature.
But because there is
no one word for it,
we had to use the
approximate 13 seconds
to explain this concept.
>> The approximate 13
seconds to explain?
Can you explain that?
>> Yes, when I was just
explaining what the technology
was and what it did, instead
of being able to use one word
or one idea, we must expand it
into an approximate 13 second
explanation which now has
expanded to over 45 seconds.
>> That's awesome.
>> Yes, and very
exciting as well.
>> OK, so I understand.
So many ideas in
your language which
would be very
quick to understand
for your race or maybe even
other people, it takes time.
There's not a one word because
we haven't developed that word
to convey such a thing.
>> Yes.
And also there is no intake
for some humans who have not
opened their intuition
to just understand
the concept that we mean without
giving it a verbal precept.
>> For example, if my intuition
was a little bit better,
if I was paying a
little more attention,
I would have understand the
first time in 13 seconds what
you were saying as opposed
to taking 45 seconds.
>> Yes, but it is not
for lack of intuition,
it is a lack of focusing on
certain one energies within
the whole energy.
>> Right.
All right, well, we just maybe
I did that for the audience
so they could really get
a grasp and understanding
of this concept.
>> Yes, and also the concept
of your own focus being
on the technology and on the
equipment to make sure that
this energy that you find
so fascinating and wonderful
between us when we are speaking
is able to be shared with
multiple people for the
benefit of their happiness.
>> Thank you for noticing.
Yes, that is--
>> Yes.
>> Sometimes I have a camera
man that helps me with this.
I have Kalina here that's
being super awesome in helping.
But, yes, it is still a concern.
And I still am half
my consciousness
is out there checking
the equipment,
making sure it's good.
But so thank you.
Thank you for noticing.
>> Yes.
That is an extension
of your love
for the co-creative
creation of perhaps,
as you would see, the
collective consciousness
in whole or more
so specifically for
the collective consciousness
of the interview program.
>> Thank you for seeing it
for what it truly is and not
as a distraction which some
people could take it the wrong
way.
But thank you for your--
>> Yes.
And thank you for your own
perception on how exciting it
is for us to be here as well.
>> Absolutely.
I'm so excited.
I'm almost a little
nervous a little
bit, you know, not to mess
it up and all these thoughts
that go through your head.
So you want to make
sure it's perfect.
>> Yes.
And it is perfect.
As perfectness is dictated by
excitedness and all three of us
are very excited.
>> Yes, yes we are.
So let's go into a little
bit of descriptions.
Rob gave us some really intense
descriptions of your planet
and some of your history.
But maybe hearing from you, a
little bit about your history.
In the beginning during
your introduction,
you did say a portion of
the human consciousness,
you were made up of a kind
of a hybrid human reptilian
starting from the
second density.
And Rob has gone into
detail a little bit
about the Nihal race, which
is another version of humans.
I'm quite curious
if you could expand
the definition or the
description of the Nihal
and how you came from them?
>> Yes.
First of all, we will explain to
you that the Nihal race are not
really a Nihal race,
but they are truly
a future version of humans
who have left their own planet
in a desire to explore, to
expand and to excite themselves
in many different ways.
And in that form of
excitement and expansion,
they found a star that
in your perception
is called Beta Leporis,
also known as Nihal
And in that concept, they
connected to the physical star,
found a planet to
inhabit, and entered
that planetary consciousness.
During that period,
as we understood
that you have
heard or understood
that two creative
consciousnesses that
are collective by nature,
co-create with one another,
that the attributes of
both of the energies
will change somewhat slightly
all the way to very extremely.
And in this case, due to the
evolution of the co-creation,
the human entities then
became much shorter.
In your essence, they are
approximately 3' 6" to 4' 2"
and something that
is in between this.
And in their creative efforts,
they desired to expand.
And after they learned much
about what they could learn
about their new solar system,
about the neighboring solar
systems and in their perception,
the universe at large,
they became very connected
and very spiritual.
Now, what we mean
by very spiritual is
they finally found a way
to connect one entity
to all entities.
They had seen the oneness.
There was no divisionary
energies or concepts
within their race.
And at that time,
they began to have
ideals of how to share
their oneness with others,
if another desired it and
also devised or decided
a way to co-create
upon a certain larger
level of galactic consciousness,
to share energies with him.
So seeking out one energy that
they wish to heal more than any
was the perception
of negativity when
it comes to reptilian entities
knowing that humans have been
harmed very deeply by at
least three types of reptilian
energies that the humans knew
of before then and much after.
Your now time period will come
to understand reptilian energy
more.
They took this one concept and
built it into a way to heal.
Now, they search the
galaxy for an energy
that was reptilian in nature.
They also wanted to
find an energy that
was willing to co-create
that experience with them.
So in searching,
they found an entity
that was much as your lizards
upon earth or your reptilian
entities.
And they took the DNA from that
and mixed it with their own
to create new third
density consciousness.
>> I see.
>> That race is the
race that I now inhabit.
But the fifth dimensional or
let's say fifth density version
is more precise.
And in that fifth
density version,
we look back at ourselves
in third density
and we do not see the
human part of our lineage.
But we see the third density,
as humans would call it,
yit lineage.
And in that way, by creating
this race, by nurturing it,
by teaching it, it
allowed these entities
to decide and choose
to be at one with one
another, which is against
the prototype, if you will,
of reptilian energy in
this galaxy or the way
that reptilian energy manifests
itself into the galaxy.
And by going against that grain,
it opened an opportunity to,
not only expose the humans that
remained on Earth or humans
that were scattered throughout
the galaxy, but also
many other types
of different races
as alien entities as well
other reptilian races as well.
This also gave way for the
reptilian race that was new,
our own third
density race, to be
an example for
those entities that
are perceived as
type two who were not
necessarily benevolent, but
working towards benevolent.
It gave them an
example to be led by.
energetic excitement
to see that being a type-one
entity was possible.
>> So would your race be one
of the first in the galaxy,
if we're looking at a linear
evolutionary timeline,
of benevolent reptilians?
>> Yes.
This is not
necessarily the case.
>> OK.
>> It is the first recognized
by the human race to a degree.
But there are also
many that preceded us
in type one or
benevolent type two.
It is just that the energy that
is there is less noticeable.
It is much as if you
see a silver penny
in the midst of silver dimes.
You would not be very
likely to notice it.
Because it was not very
see-able to the galaxy
due to the percentage
of entities that
are type two or
strictly malevolent,
it is really
difficult to discern
the difference of energies.
>> And your race is a type one?
>> Yes, our own race
is a type-one energy,
which we believe has
been expressed to you.
>> Yes, Rob explained
that the other day.
So to back up a little
bit, the Nihal, I guess,
what density when
they co-created
this new race on another
planet, they were humans,
but at what density?
>> In that density, they are at
the end of the fourth density.
It was a race that was finishing
their fourth density cycle
and entering the fifth density.
And as they are
finishing that, they
worked directly with
our race, manifesting
themselves both
physically and psychically
to connect to our race.
>> Would the Nihal
experience be similar?
Yesterday, Aridif
was talking about him
coming from an ancient Pleiadian
race, going off to a new planet
and sort of starting
their own thing.
Would this be similar?
Can we compare the two?
>> Yes, it is very similar in
the way that leaving one area
of energy, going to the
next allows you to expand,
allows you to research more
parts of your own energy.
Because you know
that co-creating
with two collectives, both
the planetary collective
and the human collective
in their new planet
creates new energy.
It also creates a new
experience to be had,
not just, yes, we are
moving to a planet
and, yes, we are
doing new things,
but what we mean by this
is a new manifestation
for a soul's desire.
And the soul's ability to
have a physical existence.
>> Could you put a time frame
in years, approximately,
on how long it took the human
race to get to this Nihal,
end of the fourth density
evolutionary period to leave
the planet to start elsewhere?
>> Yes.
If you are looking in the linear
time, humans in this point
still have the ability to grow
into that timeline of the Nihal
race.
And in that essence, it is
approximately 3,200 years
from this point.
>> So you said that we have the
potential still to go into that
timeline 3,200 years, was it?
>> Yes.
>> So in that case, if in
our history which we now are
creating, this history
of TReb visiting us,
and we stick to that timeline--
I know, it's, you know,
let's say my consciousness
or the human consciousness
in this timeline
sticks to that timeline, we will
literally be knowing, sort of,
that we will be going to do--
almost predicting
the future, in a way,
right now with this dialogue
and this conversation of your
telling us that humans are
going to split some DNA
and make the yit-NE race.
>> Yes.
In some ways, it
is well understood.
But understanding that in 3,200
years in your linear future,
although they will
be aware of the host,
although they will be aware of
me, it will be at some level
an obscurity in
the larger essence,
although people will
understand what channeling
is at that point,
although they understand.
There will be so many
channels between then
and there that the
host and my own self
will not be buried
at the bottom,
but will be less understood
or less known to most people.
And in that way, although
they understand energetically,
it will not interfere with
any certain levels of energy
unless the co-creative groups
of entities that are collective
by nature come into an
awareness of the work
and start to plan
to do that by then.
But even then, synchronicities
find a way to either link them
to that reality or to not,
depending upon their focus.
What we can tell you is
that the entities that
are connecting and
growing as the Nihal
will be well aware of
positive reptilian energy
well before then.
So it will not be a
great surprise to anyone
if someone were to bump into
this video/audio recording
in which we are creating today.
>> Wow.
And I was going to say,
moving forward in the future,
I would hope to--
and I'm sure Rob and many
others watching this--
would hope to actually
have more interactions,
potential physical interactions
with the yit-NE race.
And by doing so, I
am assuming would
create a separate timeline
that is not one of the Nihal.
We would kind of have a
whole different experience.
Is that correct in saying that?
>> Yes, that is very correct in
saying this and understanding
that, although we
are our own race,
although the Nihal was their
own, although you are your own,
the co-creation mechanism
that started can allow
your experience not be the
Nihal but still have a Nihal
and myself within
your awareness.
>> Right.
Has the Nihal ever
come back in time
to visit our current
collective consciousness?
>> Yes.
In fact, it is not
the necessary nature
to come look back at your race,
but the entirety of their race
traveled backwards into time.
This is why, although
they are future humans,
this time in which they occurred
and connected to the reptilian
entities to create our race was
considered your linear past.
>> Our linear past.
OK, wait, I'm a little
confused with that statement.
Could you repeat it
one more time and maybe
let me digest it?
Let me really focus on it.
>> Yes.
What we are saying is that
your future version, which
is the Nihal race, moved
the entirety of their race
backwards in linear time.
So that they may create
an experience in where
my own race and your race is
speaking in the present right
now with both of our
consciousnesses in the present.
If you were to look at the
concept of future humans
being the Nihal and then in the
future they create a race that
is reptilian and
then they evolve,
it would be several
hundred of thousands
of years in the future.
But we are yet sitting
in the same time.
And it is not just because
I exist in any time I
desire, which is part of it.
But it is not the entirety
of how our race was
created and connected.
If you look at our timelines,
both the yit collective
and the human collective are
within the same time period.
>> You're saying Nihal,
collectively, as a race,
kind of backed themselves up
in the timelines so they could
interact with humanity directly
and indirectly by creating
the reptilian benevolent yit-NE
race to help humanity with its
reptilian issues?
>> Yes.
This is somewhat
appropriate, perhaps.
In the concept of them going
back in time, this is correct.
But what we are
saying more directly
is due to circumstances
within their own race,
the entirety of the race
moved backwards into time
not just for the reflection
of humanity for that,
but for various other
amounts of things.
They did not directly interact
with the past versions
of themselves, but they
did connect to them
through creating our race.
Our race was more than
just the human collective,
although that was in the
front of their minds.
So to simply put this,
the Nihal moved back
in time then developed
us, and then we grew.
And now we are within the
same exact time period
that you are now.
As you speak to
entities, you ask them
in what time do you exist?
And some will answer
400 years in the future,
5,000 years in your past.
But we exist not just
because time dictates
we are always in the
now, but linearly we
are in your now moment as well.
>> That was going to be
my following question.
How many years?
So after the 3,200 years of the
Nihal forming there new race,
how many years after that did
it take to form your race?
But then you answered
that question
by saying the Nihal went
back in time to sort
of sync up this experience.
>> Yes.
>> Awesome.
So yeah, so that
kind of leads me
into this next
series of questions.
With this whole
concept, and even I,
and many humans on this
planet, many people
don't even know about
reptilians and could care less.
But many who are in
spiritual communities
and listen to different material
from David Ike and others
sort of have this perception
that the reptilian
consciousness, the
reptilian beings
have taken over our world
and our governments.
And they're very evil
and they're very bad.
And even before going to see you
and talk with you in Asheville,
North Carolina a
while back, I even
had to kind of work through
these belief systems that
had been created through this
collective consciousness idea
that the reptilians are bad
and they're going to get us.
And here you are
this loving being
that is the total
opposite of any kind
of evil, bad reptilian.
So now I'm understanding that
this is kind of by design.
You're here connecting with
us probably for many reasons.
But one of them being
this kind of help humanity
get over its collective
ideas and belief systems
over the negative
reptilian experience.
>> Yes.
This is a very true concept
and very resonant to the way
that we perceive ourselves
sharing us with your own race.
In the way that we see
there is a perception
of perhaps negativity
in your own race
when it comes to reptilians.
But this is something
that is within the galaxy
for many humanoid
races, especially
those that are
either energetically
linked to humanity or byproducts
perhaps or perhaps descendants
is a better way to express
this, of your own race.
So in that way, there is
a negative perception,
but also it comes
to what you see
and what you
experience is within
your perceptionary realm, which
then becomes your reality.
And as we have
expressed previously,
at least three reptilian races
that humans are aware of now
have had negative experiences
in history with humans.
But there is also
a bigger concept
that within this
galaxy, 80% to 85%
of all reptilian energies
or reptilian entities
are of the polarity of either
very negative in nature
or how you would
perceive negative.
Malevolent would be a word that
you would describe all the way
up into entities that are more
on the benevolent, type-two
variety and everything
that is within.
Most of the 80% to 85%
is within the malevolent
to right below what you would
consider a benevolent reptilian
to be, even though it is
approximately the energy
of how humans behave
as a collective today.
Some energies are
indifferent, some are loving,
and some are separate.
But in that energy
that describes
the majority of reptilian
energy within this galaxy,
so most people express if eight
times out of ten or nine times
out of ten, I see
something occur,
then that is my new
reality, new belief.
Therefore, it is expressed
and experienced as such.
>> Yes, I see.
So but is it true,
so if there are
this reptilian 80% in the galaxy
that are sort of malevolent
and have a--
probably from their perception,
it's not malevolent,
but from our perception and the
way they interact with humans,
they're sort of more
taking than giving.
Is it true then that reptilians
have come to this Earth
and mixed with humans and
are sort of in the government
and, you know, we hear,
you know, the rulers
of the world the
Illuminati, so to say,
and the Anunnaki We
hear this term a lot.
Is that a reptilian
consciousness?
Is that what's going on here?
>> Yes.
And this is something
that we speak of freely,
but we always predetermine to
express perhaps a disclaimer is
the word that you use.
When thinking of these
concepts and ideas,
it creates a great deal of fear.
Therefore we wish for
you to listen more
with your heart than your mind.
And by expressing
this, we will tell you
that you are very
correct in this concept.
The entities that
have exchanged energy
with humanity, that have
taught a system that
is based upon fear or closing
or division of consciousness,
this is very
reptilian in nature.
The ones mostly
responsible for this
is what you would perceive to be
the ancient reptilians or Alpha
Draconians are another term that
is given for these entities.
These entities
are the embodiment
of complete disconnection within
the spectrum of consciousness.
When you see a type-one race
you see all that accept and love
one another.
They see that the
entity across from them
is the same as they
are, that there
is no division, that there
is complete connection.
And actually a projection
of what is within you.
And in the type-two variety on
the far end of the spectrum,
we see an energy that
has divided themselves
from every other
thing in existence.
The only connection
that they see
is what they are able to
draw within their mind,
such as the ancient reptilians
have a very fierce and great
love for one another.
They treat each other
with the utmost respect
by human standards.
They are very nice and
loving with one another.
But if they were to see
someone that was outside
of their agenda or
outside of their own race,
they would not consider
their feelings.
They would be very happy to
infringe upon the free will
of those entities.
So in that essence, it is
very reptilian in nature.
And, yes, it is
really occurring in
your collective consciousness.
But the division of
this consciousness
comes from your own decision
to be within your own self
and to be excited and
to see the oneness that
is within you manifested
out to understand
that all things outside of
you are a reflection from what
is within.
So if the Earth
collective consciousness
is manifesting a reality
in where reptilians
are co-creating laws and rules
within their own environment,
that this means there is a
part of you that is within that
is fighting for liberty
that feels enslaved,
that does not feel as if they
have the freedom they desire.
So the more that you
see yourself as free,
the more that you see yourself
as non-dependent on rules
and laws and see yourself as the
ultimate creator of expansive
energy of the galactic presence,
then you can shift yourself
into a reality where the
reptilian presence is either no
longer needed, accepted, or
even if they are and they are
standing next to you,
they cannot affect you.
>> Exactly.
Yeah, I'll add to
the disclaimer.
Based on my perception
and teachings
from yourself and
other amazing channeled
work is that, yes, we, humans,
everything is a choice.
And we can choose to
give away our power
and have this reptilian
experience, this Alpha
Draconian.
Because I don't want to ball all
the reptilians in one category
now.
We can have this Alpha
Draconian experience.
Or we can have our own
sovereign human experience
or whatever label you want to
put on it our own experience.
Type one, I like
this type-one idea.
We can be a type one or
we can be a type two.
And it's a choice.
And we're now kind of at
this crossroads, I guess,
where much of humanity is kind
of realizing that it's not
wanting to go to type--
is type two, that's the
classification in terms, right?
I'm saying that correctly?
>> Yes, a type-one entity
and a type-two entity.
>> So we're kind of in the
crossroads right now where
a lot of us humans are kind of
deciding we don't want to do
the type-two thing.
We want to kind of go type one.
And there's a bit of a
split because maybe some
of the humans choose to
stay in type-two mentality.
Is this what's going on with the
human consciousness right now?
>> Yes, this is very much
aligned with the concepts that
we have shared previously.
When you are seeing
the type-two energy,
you see that many humans
are in that energy.
And even if you desire to
shift into the type one,
you do not necessarily
have to have
the type-two energy reflected
into your environment.
And this is where it gets
highly extensive in the concepts
of treating your own
reality and creating aspects
of your own consciousness.
But in this way,
as you have spoken
of the division of two
worlds or two energies,
that concept is very
simple in the way
that humans can
either experience
their favorite manifestations
of either going
into a type-one environment and
being connected with all that
is and growing in
a collective way
or they can go into
a reality where
within their own
collective consciousness,
there is a higher
level of division,
but also a higher level of
excitement for their division.
So either way, you are looking
at both of these as a reality.
Just remind yourself that you
can shift into any of those
you decide and that
within the two varieties
we have given you,
there are literally
infinite amounts of
probabilities in a way
to manifest both of these.
>> And one isn't
necessarily better or worse.
They're both just
choices, neutral choices.
>> Yes.
And this is something that we
find very exciting for someone
to express verbally, as
most entities have perceived
the concept that if you
are going into type two,
that it will be a very horrible
and fearful and hellish
experience.
But it is not that cut and dry.
It can be if you
desire it to be.
But in that division, if
you enjoy being yourself
and if you enjoy
separating yourself
from other perhaps
races or individuals
or ideals or
religion, then perhaps
this is a very good
road for you to go.
And it does not mean you
will have a negative time.
In fact, you may have
just as good of a time
as you would in a type one.
And the neutrality
of the energy is all
for you to define yourself
in a decision, in an action,
in a belief so that
it may manifest itself
into any reality that fits you.
So one concept that we have
shared more than anything is
do not let your heart
fret over the details.
Just be yourself and your path
is automatically chosen for you
in each of your decisions
and in each shift
of energy in each moment.
>> Exactly.
No, I understand that
concept very well
and am very allowing
for those who
choose to follow this
more Alpha Draconian path.
By all means, please
go and explore that.
It's not for me though.
And, you know, so
like you're saying,
we could be literally
standing next to each other,
but because our vibrational
frequencies are so different,
we won't even kind of exist.
>> Yes.
>> In different realities
>> This is very true.
We also wish to
express something
that is a misconception of many
humans that we have spoken to.
When you see a
type-one entity, you
see one type of entity, one
archetype of a character.
When you see type two, you
see a secondary archetype.
But what we can tell you
is that the type one,
yes, it is very similar,
the mindset and the feeling.
So an archetype is
very fitting for this.
But in the type-two
area, the arena
of consciousness
and the spectrum
goes from a very
disconnected embodiment,
such as the Draconians or the
ancient reptilian energy, all
the way to the most loving
human who still has problems
with connecting themselves.
So if you see an entity that
is fairly kind and gentle
and loving but cannot find
a way to integrate them
into others' lives or who
hates a certain thing about
their existence or a certain
persona or personage,
this is the spectrum
that type-two is.
So there are very
many type-two races
that you interact with
frequently who are loving,
who care about humanity,
but just do not
see the lack of
division that there
is within the entire
consciousness of both
the galaxy and the universal
consciousness as well.
>> I see.
Well, there's something for
everyone out there, basically.
>> Yes.
>> So we just have
to, like you said,
follow our own hearts and that
will take us closer to others
who share those same belief
systems and the same ideas.
And then we can just
co-create with those people.
>> Yes.
That is a very exciting concept,
and hopefully a very liberating
one to many humans.
>> Yes.
Once I really
grasped this concept,
it's been very
liberating for me.
And I really enjoy not thinking
the Illuminati or the lizards
are going to get
me and that kind of
buying into those ideas.
Because you don't have to
live your life like that.
It's not necessary.
>> Yes, and if you do decide
to live your existence as that,
it is a very valuable
experience for the oversoul,
but ultimately it is your
decision how to exchange belief
systems one for the other or
how to live in lack of fear
or in abundance of fear.
>> Well, thank you, TReb,
for sharing so much today.
We've got so many insights.
And I look forward to
more transmissions.
And fingers crossed, that
one day we can actually
physically get to interact
with yourself and your world,
and we'll meet our density
somewhere in there.
I guess, let me ask that
question before we go.
Is it possible, because
you're at the fifth density,
if we're third, fourth,
fourth going into fifth,
is it possible to meet
on a physical level?
>> Yes, if you are speaking of
physically meet in your world,
your awakened state, the
concept is that we must break
our consciousness into a portion
to manifest the physical body
that is more fitting for
the third to fourth density
exchange.
And once we are
able to do that, we
would physically be able
to come into your reality.
Although, it would not
be our own physical body.
It would be a manifestated
body or a manifested body.
This is very possible.
In that concept, it is a
division of consciousness,
it is a division of
abilities for understanding
and the energy that is resonant.
And place it into a body
that is also very fitting.
>> I see, so for you would
be more like a hologram?
Or for us, too, it would be a
kind of a holographic image,
projection of yourself?
>> Yes, this is one way
to perceive it in our way
of perceiving it.
It would not be the
full essence of who
you know me to be
in this moment,
but more so just a small
portion or an avatar, perhaps
is a better way to see it.
>> An avatar, I see.
>> Yes.
>> Well, I hope someday I
get to meet your avatar,
because that would be awesome.
Or even, I guess,
as Rob is having
the conversation with you
right now, in that fashion,
to be able to astrally
project to your planet
and meet you there, too.
By any ways, I do
hope we have more
conversations in the future.
You're very loving soul.
And thank you for everything
you're doing for humanity.
>> Yes and I wish to express
to you that it is a great
excitement for us to communicate
and co-create in this day.
And although most
humans do not perceive
me to be of getting help
by talking to humans,
as they perceive me the
one who gives all the help,
I wish to express to you that
in our exchange of energy
by the questions
that you are asking
and the parts of energy
that I have not been asked
by other entities
before or just the way
you express this,
it allows me to look
into a part of my own energy
that I have not explored
previously, which allows
me both to learn and expand
at the same time you are.
And we are very grateful
for this as well.
We wish to express to you
that we will leave you
this day in love and in light.
And we will experience
each other again very soon.
>> Thank you.
Thank you, TReb.
>> Yes.
Good night.
>> Good night.
>> How did it go?
>> How was it?
How was fishing?
>> Yeah, it was great.
It was awesome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> (SINGING) The
oversoul is taking over.
The oversoul is taking over.